---layout: posttitle:  "How I Plan Out My Time According to My Goals"date:   2017-09-01 12:20:10 ---## IntroductionI have been noticing the popularity and need for people to understand topics such as "How to plan out my time", or "how do I set goals".  I am here to hopefully help you with both and integrate them in your life.  I will be making a video for this on my YouTube Channel so be sure to check it [out][youtube].Before we start, join my mailing list and I will send you posts every week! And my favorite videos and posts from around the internet. ## Long Term (Years)Let's start with the longest term planning I do.  For this I tend to have broad visions of where I would like to be 5-10 years down the line.  The specifics here are not fully fleshed out.  For instance, it may be something along the lines of: *10 years from now, I want to be financially free, living the life I love, and fulfilling my true purpose.*Now that was pretty general right? I like leaving this one general because there is plenty that will happen over the next ten years (especially if you are working at it everyday).  That can take me in multiple different routes and I am not sure what route this will take me on. The key here is to have something that you are shooting for that you can use to see if you are moving in the right direction long term.## Mid-Long Term (Months-Year)  Once or twice a year I do a self-analysis to get a good picture of where I am at in life - what my insecurities are, what I am not doing to over come them, and areas I am doing well in.  The self-analysis will give me a good no bullshit realization of where I am and how I can improve.  When looking in the day to day, it is hard to know how well you are staying true to yourself.  You need the analysis to keep you on track. If you want to see the self-analysis I use, it is in the book The Law of Success by Napoleon Hill.  You can check it out [here][lawOfSuccess].## Mid Term (Months) From my self-analysis, I usually come out with things I need to work on to keep me on track to achieve my goals.  So, I take what I just learned from my self-analysis and use that to plan *quarterly goals*.  Here is what consists of my quarterly goals:- They are 12 weeks long- They have hard deadlines with definite dates- They are quantifiable- They have a list of things I am will to do for achieving the goal- WHY I want this goal- What I plan on getting out of this goalLets give you an example: End of September I would create a goal for the last quarter that looks like:I am making $ 100,000.00 per month from ad revenue on my YouTube videos.  I will achieve this by posting 12 high quality videos a day, marketing them on Reddit and Twitter, and paying for YouTube Ads.  I want to achieve this goal because it allows me to become financially free so I can live my true purpose in helping other people become aligned with their missions in life. This will be completed by December 31st, 2017.Now this goal may be a little ridiculous, but I hope that paints a good picture of how these goals look.  Let's move into the weekly level now.## Short to Mid Term (Weeks)Before starting a new week, I take the Sunday or Saturday before and plan out the next week.  I write out a weekly goal for each of the areas of my life I have goals for and am trying to make progress in.  In the beginning you may struggle with setting appropriate goals for yourself in the weekly section because you may not know exactly how much you can get done.  As time goes on and you keep estimating you will become better at it.I also write out any events I have this week, or any friends birthdays I have in the upcoming week so I make sure to wish them a happy birthday. I got this idea from How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie.  Check it out [here][Htwfaip].## Short Term (Daily)On a daily level, this is where the most important work happens, because without consistent daily progress, then you will never make your weekly goals.  Without hitting your weekly goals, you would never hit your quarterly goals, with out your quarterly goals, your self-analysis will be poor, and if you self analysis is poor then you will never hit your long-term goals. It is as simple as that.  **Work on yourself everyday.**Every morning and night I spend 15 minutes visualizing as clearly as I can my goals.  I try to get it down to the specifics and make myself feel all the feelings that would come along with it.  This is important as I believe it helps you achieve what you want, but regardless it keeps you focused on your goals.As for planning, I take my planner and write out each subject that I am working on.  I try and make it one thing that I need to get done in that subject that helps me move forward.  The ONE THING that could have the most payoff if I get it done today.  If you want to know what planner I use check it out [here][planner]Then when it comes time to completing them, I set timers for myself to get that goal done.  For instance, I have a blog post outline to write.  I may set 20 minutes for myself to get it done.  It allows me to stay focused and work on it with all my attention and no distractions. I got this idea from the 4 Hour Work Week by Tim Ferris.  Check it out [here][4HWW].## ConclusionSo, there you go.  I have been refining this process for a number of years.  All of that summarized for you here in this post. If you want more high value content like this definitely sign up on my mailing list and you will be notified of when I create content and suggest others content as well! Feel free to reach out with any tips or tricks you may have as well.Reach out and follow me on [twitter][twitter]!  Check out my [GitHub][github] for my open source projects! Take a look at my [YouTube Channel][youtube] where there are hundreds of videos on life tips.[github]: https://github.com/acucciniello[twitter]: https://twitter.com/antocucciniello[youtube]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8icMMql5SjCaXXMvILGIUA[lawOfSuccess]: http://amzn.to/2ws7nYs[Htwfaip]: http://amzn.to/2vT2bcx[4HWW]: http://amzn.to/2x0tU0b[planner]: http://amzn.to/2vAlbS8